BUG: DataFrame.to_html validates formatters has the correct length (#28632)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.0.0.rst

- Bug in :func:`DataFrame.to_string` where values were truncated using display options instead of outputting the full content (:issue:`9784`)
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.to_json` where a datetime column label would not be written out in ISO format with ``orient="table"`` (:issue:`28130`)
- Bug in :func:`DataFrame.to_parquet` where writing to GCS would fail with `engine='fastparquet'` if the file did not already exist (:issue:`28326`)

> - Ensuring that formatters arg in :meth:`DataFrame.to_html` has the same size of `DataFrame` to prevent wrong formating, if don't raises an error (:issue:`28469`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.to_html` where the length of the ``formatters`` argument was not verified (:issue:`28469`)
```

Author: Commited your suggestion
